this is the 20/20 LG gram their 17 inch
model now LG normally sends out a laptop
to me every year
last year I skipped the video on it
because they didn't really change enough
of it from the previous year I felt like
it just it wasn't particularly
impressive to me this year however they
tweaked a bunch of stuff to the point
where I feel like I have to make a video
because there's a bunch of cool stuff
going on now most of the changes are on
the inside so we'll start there I open
this in advance because this is a very
difficult laptop to open I didn't want
to do it in the middle of the video not
only do you have a bunch of things to
unscrew but you have to peel off these
rubber feet they're double-sided tape
and it's just a lot of work so if you do
want to get this device it's something
to keep in mind it's not the easiest
thing to get into
now inside there's a couple things that
haven't changed first they still have a
single RAM slot so you get eight gigs
that's onboard as well as a single slot
that you can upgrade if you want and
there's also the Wi-Fi card this is
running the latest Intel card that
supports Wi-Fi six but there's three big
changes on the inside that I think are
fantastic the first one is the drives
this system is now running finally PCIe
nvme x' which means that they're super
fast the old LG grams basically every
single LG gram that's ever come out ever
has run these slower SATA drives which
were really weird to put into such a
premium device like this these are now
running super fast PCIe drives the
second big change they've made is the
battery this is now an 80 watt hour
battery last year was 72 so that's like
a 10% increase but it is noticeable so
battery life on this is a nine and a
half hour system which is very
impressive for a 17 inch screen the
third change and this is the most
important one for me it's the thermal
system so last year sort of two years
ago and the model last year didn't have
great thermals on the 15-inch model
because it's just a super thin device
that's super light you're limited they
have changed the fan to the point where
I would now call it a good performance
it's not an amazing performer it's still
an LG gram so I guess in the realm of
ultrabooks its average maybe even
slightly below average because the
Graham uses a 15 watt CPU instead of the
more common 25 watt but this year it can
finally maintain a slight turbo clock
unlike before these are running the 10th
Gen Intel C
so they have pretty good cpu performance
and significantly better GPU performance
than their previous generation so
they're good for photo editing and
usable I guess for video editing but
because of the lower CPU wattage is not
as powerful as some other ultrabooks but
the overall takeaway is that this is a
way better performer than any other LG
gram previously gaming performance if
you're interested is okay it is playable
for games that aren't super demanding
but it's not a gaming laptop so let's
take a look at the screen and I'm going
to close this up in a very quick fashion
but the screen is now if you'll notice
this whole time this laptop was on
normally when I shoot videos I don't
turn my laptop's on because my mic is
quite sensitive and it'll pick up any
kind of fan noise even really quiet ones
but this one is silent
it's an inaudible fan on idle and even
unload it's a very quiet system now this
screen is a 16 by 10 aspect ratio
instead of your standard 16 by 9 so you
get a little bit more vertical room and
it's a huge screen at 17 inches it's a
solid screen it's 1440p good brightness
good color accuracy this resolution and
aspect ratio combo is I mean it's
relatively unique to this device it's an
LG panel on the LG laptop but it's just
a nice screen for people that are into
any kind of creative work or
productivity focused workflows now this
large 17 inch screen is really its most
unique feature like it's a big screen in
a three pound laptop just to put this
into perspective this weighs less than
the 13-inch MacBook Pro this is under
three pounds the macbook pro is slightly
over three pounds like it's super
lightweight for having such a large
screen now the way they've been able to
achieve this light weight is through
builds in particular the material
they're using it's this magnesium alloy
they've used it in all of their previous
LG grams as well it's not a particularly
rigid material right it has flexibility
to it you'll see like even on the screen
right here it's got some Bend but it
lasts it's very durable I actually think
this material holds up well over time
but it's not a super stiff laptop if
that's what you were looking for the
speakers are located on the bottom again
they don't sound great but I wasn't
expecting too much from them now the
keyboard is something they've also
improved a little bit their old one like
the 17-inch model from last year
used the same keyboard layout as ar-15
like they didn't take advantage of the
larger chassis and they just stuck the
15 inch keyboard into the 17 inch
chassis which was silly they've tweaked
it this year to actually take advantage
of the wider space so the layout is a
little more spacious the backspace and
Shift key are full-size keys and there's
also a bigger number pad if you're a
number pad user and there's also a
fingerprint sensor in the top right
corner of the keyboard the keys
themselves are a little soft like I
don't feel like they are as responsive
as I'd like them to be but I think most
people can get use of this keyboard and
actually enjoy it pretty readily
trackpad it's a good trackpad it's got a
glass surface nice texture if you're
coming from a MacBook and somehow you're
interested in this big screen device I
will say that this isn't as good as a
MacBook trackpad if that's like the
golden standard and I would say that it
is but it it's a good track that I like
it okay ports just to wrap this up
there's two things that I think are
important here the Thunderbolt 3 port
supports charging again but they still
have a regular barrel plugged AC adapter
I don't know why they do that I feel
like on a device like this they should
just have a USB C charger to use PC
charge everything it's got three epa's
which is nice and a micro SD slot this
is good for some people but I think a
full-size SD card slot would been better
but I think the overall port selection
on this device is is fair now the
pricing I don't know the exact pricing
quite yet
this is kind of like a pre-release model
I will say though that compared to
previous generations of LG grams you're
getting something that feels appropriate
right like the whole package feels
uncompromised I feel like they've done a
good job this year so if you're
interested in something that's super
thin super light it's literally the
lightest 17 inch device in the world
right now and has good performance
considering what you're getting
check out the LG gram ok thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time
[Music]